hello to all girls welcome back today then
you could read from the title will start
my third nail art contest ho
decided to make one because the requests
they were many and therefore today 28 September
until October 28th therefore the duration of
my contest will start one month
let's move on to this one more
important in the competition is the theme I have
the music will be decided so girls there
you can have fun as you say there are
several in the high be combined with the
music you can recreate in the art of
your favorite singer or even a
stylized pentagram on the known nails
musical everything you want with
all the colors you want the rules
main to participate in the competition
are to be registered on my channel
add this video to yours
favorite so that it turns a little bit
there are two entries available
so you can make two videos certify e
friendship will be decreed according to
my video quality fees e
of the photos I recommend myself with the function
macro and follow more photos
accurate in detail
the video athlete we do five
maximum minutes 5 minutes there will be one
winner is more about the competition you owe me
give yourself a little time to bend over
decide the winner
if you need rules, it's optional
absolutely put me like mine
facebook page below is the link
of the infobox I would like so much and
if you always want to join my blog
let us now turn to the general rules of the
videos have a quality to create or a
video tutorial or a video made widespread
the important thing is that there are at least three
photo of in karts from three angles
different
you have to post the video as a video of
answer below this video then create
an answer video and follow it
I recommend girls there must be
in the photo or during the video the
card with contest written lo
study 90 in music therefore with the date is
your nickname
I recommend important otherwise not
I can accept the video
what else that nothing I think I don't have
Forgot
so now let's go to the prizes for
as for the enamels there will be in
palio two enamel deborah milano
in particular the suntech e would be the
number 86 patented technology this is
the name of this enamel here then the
number 79 deborah milano magnetic nail
that would be this glaze from the effect
magnetic always for the shine line
tech3 final glazes of which one is color
play magnetic with the magnet inside
you can get this effect here
and of the number 5 venus a colored enamel
play crack can get the effect
crack so in this broken way
sand color of the number 22 is then a
another korompay of the latest releases and 227
which is a blue color with reflections
violet two other enamels of different brands
will be one of the crisis with so many micro
glitter in colored is a peak polish
nails this
is a retailer that sells on the internet
of the number 90 which is a pink color
dark then regarding the
nail decoration decided to
take them tresor with some straw
golden fuchsia and these applications
green blue then these three then there
they will also be two learned because of me
always ask where you are against them then
nearby a reconstruction retailer
nails so I decided to take two
of different size so there will be the
Bigger ball is the smaller one
vice versa on the other side and then finally o
set of brushes that never hurts
always passionate about net art for us
where there is also a very small dotter
which is not found with those other measures
so girls these were all
awards
I wish all the participants e
good luck to all is good luck
the next video will be yours
work until October 28th 2012 hello